Finalize Code of Conduct (#1)
orchestructure/administrative: code-of-conduct.md

Exhibitors should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material in their booths/areas and must refrain from the use of sexualized clothing, uniforms, costumes, or otherwise creating a sexualized environment. Speakers should not use sexual language, images, or any language or images that would constitute harassment as defined above in their talks.

Individuals who participate (or plan to participate) in Orchestructure events should conduct themselves at all times in a manner that comports with both the letter and spirit of this policy prohibiting harassment and abusive behavior, whether before, during or after the event. This includes statements made in social media postings, online publications, text messages, and all other forms of electronic communication.

#### Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior

> If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the event organizers may take any action they deem appropriate depending on the circumstances, ranging from issuance of a warning to the offending individual to expulsion from the conference with no refund. Orchestructure organizers reserve the right to exclude any participant found to be engaging in harassing behavior from participating in any further Orchestructure events, trainings or other activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the event organizers may take any action they deem appropriate depending on the circumstances, ranging from issuance of a warning to the offending individual to expulsion from the event, and if charged with no refund. Orchestructure organizers reserve the right to exclude any participant found to be engaging in harassing behavior from participating in any further Orchestructure events, trainings or other activities.
```

We haven't charged for anything, so this comes off a little weird -- left it conditional for possible change in future.

If a participant (or individual wishing to participate in a Orchestructure event), through postings on social media or other online publications or another form of electronic communication, engages in conduct that violates this policy, whether before, during or after a Orchestructure event, the Orchestructure organizers may take appropriate corrective action, which could include imposing a temporary or permanent ban on an individual’s participation in future Orchestructure events.

#### What to do if you Witness or are Subject to Unacceptable Behavior

> If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns relating to harassment, please contact a member of event staff immediately. Event staff introduce themselves at the beginning of every event, can be identified by t-shirts/staff badges, and are always available at every Orchestructure event. You are also encouraged to contact the Orchestructure organizers at orchestructure.meetup (at) gmail (dot) com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns relating to harassment, please contact a member of [Orchestructure Organizers](https://www.meetup.com/orchestructure/members/?op=leaders). The Organizers will introduce themselves at the beginning of every event, with at least one on-site at all times for its duration. The Orchestructure Organizers may also be contacted via email at orchestructure.meetup (at) gmail (dot) com.
```

Since we don't really have event staff, deferred to just organizers.

#### Incident Response

> Our staff/organizers will respond to all harassment reports with utmost urgency. As referenced above, if a participant engages in harassing behavior, the event organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, ranging from issuance of a warning to the offending individual to expulsion from the event (with no refund). Orchestructure reserves the right to exclude any participant found to be engaging in harassing behavior from participating in any further Orchestructure events, trainings or other activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our staff/organizers will respond to all harassment reports with utmost urgency. As referenced above, if a participant engages in harassing behavior, the event organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, ranging from issuance of a warning to the offending individual to expulsion from the event, if charged with no refund. Orchestructure reserves the right to exclude any participant found to be engaging in harassing behavior from participating in any further Orchestructure events, trainings or other activities.
```
Added condition for refund.

sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age,
religion, or nationality.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery
* Personal attacks
* Trolling or insulting/derogatory comments
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing other's private information, such as physical or electronic addresses,
 without explicit permission
* Other unethical or unprofessional conduct. If you wouldn't do it at work, don't do it here.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not
aligned to this Code of Conduct. By adopting this Code of Conduct, project maintainers
commit themselves to fairly and consistently applying these principles to every aspect
of managing this project. Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of
Conduct may be permanently removed from the project team.

This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community.

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the Orchestructure project maintainers at <orchestructure.meetup@gmail.com>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the Orchestructure project maintainers at orchestructure.meetup (at) gmail (dot) com..
```

Just aligning with earlier style
